Updates to user research to add additional information (#145)
alphagov/forms: research/2023-01-31_Usability_testing_with_private_beta_partner_form_creator.md

# Usability testing with private beta partner form creator

> ## 2023-01-31 / Sprint 21

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2023-01-31 / Sprint 21
```

## Aims

> Test the usability of the form creator for creating a draft version of a partner department's form

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Test the usability of the form creator for creating a draft version of a partner department’s form
```
